The FAT describes the cluster chain of the root directory (#2082)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/FileIO/exfat-specification.md

#### 3.1.10 FirstClusterOfRootDirectory Field

> The FirstClusterOfRootDirectory field shall contain the cluster index of the first cluster of the root directory. The FAT describes the cluster chain of the root directory. Implementations should make every effort to place the first cluster of the root directory in the first non-bad cluster after the clusters the Allocation Bitmap and Up-case Table consume.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the clarification. Do you think this additional change would also make the description more accurate?

```suggestion
The FirstClusterOfRootDirectory field shall contain the index of the first cluster of the root directory's cluster chain. The FAT describes the cluster chain of the root directory. Implementations should make every effort to place the first cluster of the root directory in the first non-bad cluster after the clusters the Allocation Bitmap and Up-case Table consume.
```

Reviewer: I'm also going to find an engineer who works with the fileapi.h APIs to review these changes and make suggestions.

Author: Thank you!

> The FirstClusterOfRootDirectory field shall contain the index of the first cluster of the root directory's cluster chain. The FAT describes the cluster chain of the root directory. Implementations should make every effort to place the first cluster of the root directory in the first non-bad cluster after the clusters the Allocation Bitmap and Up-case Table consume.

Reviewer: I received this suggestion from an engineer on one of the dev teams.
```suggestion
The FirstClusterOfRootDirectory field shall contain the cluster index of the first cluster of the root directory. The root directory shall always be described with a cluster chain in the active FAT, as if the root directory were described with a directory entry with the GeneralPrimaryFlags field's NoFatChain flag (see section 6.3.4.2) equal to zero. The data length of the root directory shall always be determined by loading the cluster chain. Implementations should make every effort to place the first cluster of the root directory in the first non-bad cluster after the clusters the Allocation Bitmap and Up-case Table consume.
```
